---
title: 'About'
date: 2018-02-22T17:01:34+07:00
intro_image: "images/illustrations/about.png"
intro_image_absolute: false
intro_image_hide_on_mobile: false
---

We are a customer-focused company using open source and we use clojure by design to develop our solutions. Our business model is SaaS, providing a version of the Open Source moclojer hosted on our infrastructure.

The moclojer supports API-first development with the API Builder. You can design your API directly with moclojer using the `yaml`, `edn`, and `OpenAPI 3` specification. Your specification can then act as the only source of truth for your API design, and you can use it to generate documentation, mock servers, and client SDKs.

## Our way of looking at the economy is open and decentralized, what do we mean by that?

We deal openly with money, from our team's remuneration to the company's turnover. We are transparent about our costs and our income. We are decentralized in the sense that we are not tied to a specific location, we are a remote-first company.

In order to improve our product, we will help the Clojure ecosystem by opening up the solutions we develop internally to the Open Source (Clojure) community as much as possible. We will also contribute to the community by participating in the development of various libraries and the clojure ecosystem.

## Mission

Build mock api with a friendly and fluid experience, without the need to depend on an engineer (low code), for engineering teams to give a fluid experience connected to backend development.

## Vision

To be recognized as the company that develops open source solutions to simplify mock api development and simplify the experience of maintaining the mock configuration (it shouldn't be boring, but connected to the actual development of the api).

## Values

Fuel that feeds our **culture**!

### Radical transparency

There is no reason to be secretive about our data, from the data generated by our products to our employees' salaries.

We follow a model called [Open Startup](https://hackernoon.com/what-does-it-mean-to-be-an-open-startup-f4446984189) — we super understand if you can't discuss complicated subjects in public (e.g., the amount of your salary), if that's your profile, **unfortunately moclojer is not the company for you**.

### Customer experience

Usually, customers are right, our solutions should be developed with the customer's use in mind, in the Open Source version and especially in the SaaS version—our customer will probably not be technical and our UI/UX should take the customer where they need to go.

### Product engineering

We call engineers product engineers, meaning that we deliver better software by understanding the customer's needs and using the products we develop *(empathy with the customer's “pain”)*.

### Clojure by design

Whatever we develop, it will be developed using **Clojure**. This does not restrict us from using/contributing services, software, etc. written in another programming language, but our software will be written in *Clojure*.
